Clean up `Client/Interface/Multiplayer` (#15053)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Client/Interface/Multiplayer/en.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Show In-Progress` | Show matches that are currently being played. These can still be entered if there are empty slots available. They are indicated with a grey match title and with `(In Progress)` appended to it until the match ends. |
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After joining or creating a match, the match setup will be displayed. The following sections will focus on the different parts of the screen starting from top to bottom and going left to right.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Ranked` / `Approved` / `Pending` / `Graveyard` | The [beatmap category](/wiki/Beatmap/Category). Clicking on the beatmap card will open the beatmap page on the website, where it can be [downloaded](/wiki/Beatmap#downloading-beatmaps). If the player has an active [osu!supporter](/wiki/osu!supporter) tag, the beatmap will be downloaded through [osu!direct](/wiki/osu%21supporter#osu!direct) instead. |
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Star Rating` | Star rating |
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Not Ready` | Marks the player as not ready (white on the player list). The button will change to `Ready!`. |
```

Reviewer: Hatnote for visual settings?

Author: why would this require a hatnote?

Author: ah, I see what you mean (initially thought of a *foot*note). I think the whole section is structured in a way that would require reworking it instead of only removing one sub-section, so no, going to keep it for time being

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blue is on the left and Red is on the right. A crown at the centre moves left and right to show which team is currently in the lead.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `Tag co-op`, the results screen shows the total score, the [judgements](/wiki/Gameplay/Judgement) and the accuracy of the team. Individual results are not shown, and can only be seen in the match history. The results screen only appears if the beatmap was cleared successfully, unlike other multiplayer modes.
```

Reviewer: *technically* that's what it's called ingame
```suggestion
An active [osu!supporter](/wiki/osu!supporter) tag is required to enter the lobby while using the `Cutting Edge (Experimental)` build.
```

# Multiplayer

::: alert-note
**Note:** For multiplayer in [osu!(lazer)](/wiki/Client/Release_stream/Lazer), see [Quick play](/wiki/Gameplay/Quick_play) and [Daily challenge](/wiki/Gameplay/Daily_challenge)
:::

> **Multiplayer** (sometimes shortened to *Multi*) is an osu!(stable) mode in which up to 16 players can compete against each other individually or in teams, or play together co-operatively, on maps decided by the host.

Reviewer 2: "osu!(stable) mode" is misleading since lazer has the same kind of multiplayer, there's just no `Multiplayer (lazer)` article yet

the note is odd for the same reason. if kept, it should be a "see also" imo

Author: made an effort to fix this. ideally, there would be a lazer-specific multiplayer article, or better yet, as I mentioned in some other comment, an article about the multiplayer as a whole, and another one covering the interface

#### Health

> When a player's health bar has been depleted completely, they can still continue playing, but the score will be considered as failed and will not appear on leaderboards. The player can be revived if they reach full health again, unless they use [Sudden Death (SD)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Sudden_Death) or [Perfect (PF)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Perfect) mods.

Reviewer: Perfect mod doesn't exist in stable multiplayer.
```suggestion
When a player's health bar has been depleted completely, they can still continue playing, but the score will be considered as failed and will not appear on leaderboards (unless they use [No Fail (NF)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/No_Fail). The player can be revived if they reach full health again, unless they use [Sudden Death (SD)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Sudden_Death).
```

Author: huh, my fault for not checking

In Team VS matches, being in the failed state at the end of the match will make the score not contribute to the team score. If all players of a team have failed, the match immediately ends and the opposite team wins by default.

#### Results

> Unlike solo play, multiplayer has no [extended results screen](/wiki/Client/Interface#extended-results-screen) below the results screen. Scores set during multiplayer matches (with the exception of `Tag co-op` and `Tag-team VS` matches) still appear on online leaderboards if they are good enough, but never on the local leaderboard.

Reviewer: > but never on the local leaderboard

they always appear on the local leaderboard unless failed

Author: ```suggestion
Unlike solo play, multiplayer has no [extended results screen](/wiki/Client/Interface#extended-results-screen) below the results screen. Scores set during multiplayer matches (with the exception of `Tag co-op` and `Tag-team VS` matches) still appear on online and local leaderboards.
```

#### Health

> When a player's health bar has been depleted completely, they can still continue playing, but the score will be considered as failed and will not appear on leaderboards (unless they use [No Fail (NF)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/No_Fail). The player can be revived if they reach full health again, unless they use [Sudden Death (SD)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Sudden_Death).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a player's health bar has been depleted completely, they can still continue playing, but the score will be considered as failed and will not appear on leaderboards (unless they use [No Fail (NF)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/No_Fail)). The player can be revived if they reach full health again, unless they use [Sudden Death (SD)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Sudden_Death).
```

In this mode, the players' slot placement in the lobby determines the order they play in.

A green arrow will show the player who is currently playing, and their name will be shown at the lower right. Warning arrows indicate when it is about to be the player's turn and the hit objects will be coloured. The player can set a fixed combo colour in the [Tag Colour](#tag-colour) section during match setup.

> All players must spin the spinner, or the combo will break.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All players must complete spinners, or the combo will break.
```

> If a player quits during the match, the game will play their part for them.

Reviewer: This is mentioned twice (line 291)

Author: I know -- I will keep it, because the solution to this is splitting the page into two, one describing the mechanics, the other the interface

All players share the same health bar. If it depletes completely, the match ends. In Tag-team VS, each team has their own health bars, and losing all health will cause that team to lose.

> Players using [Sudden Death (SD)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Sudden_Death) or [Perfect (PF)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Perfect) mods will cause the whole match to end if they fail due to it, even in Tag-team VS. Two extra lives granted by [Easy (EZ)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Easy) do not help either: the [health bar](/wiki/Client/Interface/Health_bar) is refilled, but the team is still judged as *failed*, and the match ends immediately.

Reviewer: PF doesn't exist, see other comment
```suggestion
Players using [Sudden Death (SD)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Sudden_Death) will cause the whole match to end if they fail due to it, even in Tag-team VS. The two extra lives granted by [Easy (EZ)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Easy) do not help either: the [health bar](/wiki/Client/Interface/Health_bar) is refilled, but the team is still judged as *failed*, and the match ends immediately.
```
